Add `dumpdata` and `loaddata` description (#1046)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/administration/nautobot-server.md

!!! note
    This is a built-in Django command. Please see the [official documentation on `dbshell`](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/ref/django-admin/#dbshell) for more information.

### `dumpdata`

> 

Reviewer: Please add example syntax of this command and documentation of its common/relevant arguments, similar to the other entries in this file.

!!! note
    This is a built-in Django command. Please see the [official documentation on `dbshell`](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/ref/django-admin/#dbshell) for more information.

### `dumpdata`

```no-highlight
$ nautobot-server dumpdata \
  --natural-foreign \
  --natural-primary \
  --exclude contenttypes \
  --exclude auth.permission \
  --exclude extras.job \
  --format json \
  --indent 2 \
  --traceback  > nautobot_dump.json
```

Use this command to generate a JSON dump of the database contents.

> Details see: [`Export data from PostgreSQL`](../../latest/installation/migrating-from-postgresql/#export-data-from-postgresql)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One example of using this command would be to [`export data from PostgreSQL`](../../latest/installation/migrating-from-postgresql/#export-data-from-postgresql).
```

!!! note
    This is a built-in management command provided by the [Cacheops plugin](https://github.com/Suor/django-cacheops) Nautobot for caching. Please see the official [Cacheops documentation on `invalidate`](https://github.com/Suor/django-cacheops#invalidation) for more information.

### `loaddata`

`nautobot-server loaddata --traceback nautobot_dump.json`

> To import the data exported that was exported with `dumpdata` see the following descriptions:
> 
> - [`Remove the auto-populated Status records from the MySQL database`](../../latest/installation/migrating-from-postgresql/#remove-the-auto-populated-status-records-from-the-mysql-database)
> - [`Import the database dump into MySQL`](../../latest/installation/migrating-from-postgresql/#import-the-database-dump-into-mysql)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import the data that was exported with `nautobot-server dumpdata ...` see the following documentation:

- [`Remove the auto-populated Status records from the database`](../../latest/installation/migrating-from-postgresql/#remove-the-auto-populated-status-records-from-the-mysql-database)
- [`Import the database dump`](../../latest/installation/migrating-from-postgresql/#import-the-database-dump-into-mysql)
```
